{{ cookiecutter.__package_slug }}/CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to {{ cookiecutter.__package_slug }}

TODO: The goal of {{ cookiecutter.__package_slug }} is to ...

We welcome community contributions to the work.

## Development and Release Process

The `main` branch always reflects the current stable release, a `development` branch is used for merging features, and `feature` branches create changes. Feature branches are named with the corresponding issue # and a short description (e.g., `30-release-workflow`). Once a feature passes review, it's commit history is squashed and commit title, following the [Angular commit style](https://github.com/angular/angular/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#-commit-message-format), is added along with reference to the issue it closes. The feature is merged into `development`. `development` is reviewed before each release, and upon approval is merged into `main`. Merges to `main` kick-off a GitHub Action workflow in which Python Semantic Release bumps the version number, tags the release, and builds the changelog. Additionally, the workflow updates package documentation, creates a downloadable release on GitHub, and archives it with Zenodo.

## Types of Contributions

### Report Bugs

Bug reports are always appreciated. If you are reporting a bug, please use the "Bug report" issue template.

### Propose Features

If you are proposing a feature, please use the "Feature request" issue template.

### Fix Bugs

Look through the GitHub issues for bugs. Anything tagged with "bug" and "help wanted" is open to whoever wants to implement it.

### Implement Features

Look through the GitHub issues for features. Anything tagged with "enhancement" and "help wanted" is open to whoever wants to implement it.

### Write Documentation

You can never have enough documentation! Please feel free to contribute to any part of the documentation, such as the official docs, docstrings, or even
on the web in blog posts, articles, and such.

## Repository Structure

This repository is structured as a standard Python package following the conventions outlined in the [Python Packges](https://py-pkgs.org/) guide.

## Git Commit Guidelines

This project uses Python Semantic Release to streamline the deployment process. As a consequence, the [Angular commit style](https://github.com/angular/angular/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#-commit-message-format) is required.

## Testing

Any new feature or bug-fix should include a unit-test demonstrating the change. Unit tests follow the [pytest](https://docs.pytest.org) framework with files in tests/. Please make sure that the testing suite passes before issuing a pull request. 

This package uses GitHub Actions continuous testing mechanism to ensure that the test suite is run on each pull request to `development` and `main`.

## Style and Formatting

This project uses [Black](https://black.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) for code formatting, [Pylint](https://pylint.pycqa.org/en/latest/) for static code analysis, and [NumPy](https://numpydoc.readthedocs.io/en/latest/format.html#style-guide) conventions for docstrings.

## Pull Request Guidelines

Before you submit a pull request, check that it meets these guidelines:

1. The pull request should include additional tests if appropriate.
2. If the pull request adds functionality, the docs should be updated.
3. The pull request should be made to the `development` branch.

## Get Started!

Ready to contribute? Here's how to set up `{{ cookiecutter.__package_slug }}` for local development.

1. Download a copy of `{{ cookiecutter.__package_slug }}` locally.
2. Install `{{ cookiecutter.__package_slug }}` using `poetry`:

    ```console
    $ poetry install
    ```

3. Use `git` (or similar) to create a branch for local development and make your changes:

    ```console
    $ git checkout -b name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature
    ```

4. When you're done making changes, check that your changes conform to any code formatting requirements and pass any tests.

5. Commit your changes using our Git Commit Guidelines (see above). The commit should include reference to any related issues.

6. Open a pull request following the Pull Request Guidelines (see above).

## Code of Conduct

Please note that the `{{ cookiecutter.__package_slug }}` project is released with a [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/clnsmth/{{ cookiecutter.__package_slug }}/blob/main/CONDUCT.md). By contributing to this project you agree to abide by its terms.

Commit message:

Explain how to reference issues in commits

{{ cookiecutter.__package_slug }}/CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to {{ cookiecutter.__package_slug }}

TODO: The goal of {{ cookiecutter.__package_slug }} is to ...

We welcome community contributions to the work.

## Development and Release Process

The `main` branch always reflects the current stable release, a `development` branch is used for merging features, and `feature` branches create changes. Feature branches are named with the corresponding issue # and a short description (e.g., `30-release-workflow`). Once a feature passes review, it's commit history is squashed and commit title, following the [Angular commit style](https://github.com/angular/angular/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#-commit-message-format), is added along with reference to the issue it closes. The feature is merged into `development`. `development` is reviewed before each release, and upon approval is merged into `main`. Merges to `main` kick-off a GitHub Action workflow in which Python Semantic Release bumps the version number, tags the release, and builds the changelog. Additionally, the workflow updates package documentation, creates a downloadable release on GitHub, and archives it with Zenodo.

## Types of Contributions

### Report Bugs

Bug reports are always appreciated. If you are reporting a bug, please use the "Bug report" issue template.

### Propose Features

If you are proposing a feature, please use the "Feature request" issue template.

### Fix Bugs

Look through the GitHub issues for bugs. Anything tagged with "bug" and "help wanted" is open to whoever wants to implement it.

### Implement Features

Look through the GitHub issues for features. Anything tagged with "enhancement" and "help wanted" is open to whoever wants to implement it.

### Write Documentation

You can never have enough documentation! Please feel free to contribute to any part of the documentation, such as the official docs, docstrings, or even
on the web in blog posts, articles, and such.

## Repository Structure

This repository is structured as a standard Python package following the conventions outlined in the [Python Packges](https://py-pkgs.org/) guide.

## Git Commit Guidelines

This project uses Python Semantic Release to streamline the deployment process. As a consequence, the [Angular commit style](https://github.com/angular/angular/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#-commit-message-format) is required. 

Issues corresponding to a commit should be referenced at the end of the commit message title line. For example, `feat: Add framework for new feature (#3, #5)`. This provides readers helpful context for interpreting the changelog.

## Testing

Any new feature or bug-fix should include a unit-test demonstrating the change. Unit tests follow the [pytest](https://docs.pytest.org) framework with files in tests/. Please make sure that the testing suite passes before issuing a pull request. 

This package uses GitHub Actions continuous testing mechanism to ensure that the test suite is run on each pull request to `development` and `main`.

## Style and Formatting

This project uses [Black](https://black.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) for code formatting, [Pylint](https://pylint.pycqa.org/en/latest/) for static code analysis, and [NumPy](https://numpydoc.readthedocs.io/en/latest/format.html#style-guide) conventions for docstrings.

## Pull Request Guidelines

Before you submit a pull request, check that it meets these guidelines:

1. The pull request should include additional tests if appropriate.
2. If the pull request adds functionality, the docs should be updated.
3. The pull request should be made to the `development` branch.

## Get Started!

Ready to contribute? Here's how to set up `{{ cookiecutter.__package_slug }}` for local development.

1. Download a copy of `{{ cookiecutter.__package_slug }}` locally.
2. Install `{{ cookiecutter.__package_slug }}` using `poetry`:

    ```console
    $ poetry install
    ```

3. Use `git` (or similar) to create a branch for local development and make your changes:

    ```console
    $ git checkout -b name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature
    ```

4. When you're done making changes, check that your changes conform to any code formatting requirements and pass any tests.

5. Commit your changes using our Git Commit Guidelines (see above). The commit should include reference to any related issues.

6. Open a pull request following the Pull Request Guidelines (see above).

## Code of Conduct

Please note that the `{{ cookiecutter.__package_slug }}` project is released with a [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/clnsmth/{{ cookiecutter.__package_slug }}/blob/main/CONDUCT.md). By contributing to this project you agree to abide by its terms.
