{{ cookiecutter.__package_slug }}/README.md, before:

# {{ cookiecutter.__package_slug }}

[![Project Status: WIP – Initial development is in progress, but there has not yet been a stable, usable release suitable for the public.](https://www.repostatus.org/badges/latest/wip.svg)](https://www.repostatus.org/#wip)
![example workflow](https://github.com/clnsmth/{{ cookiecutter.__package_slug }}/actions/workflows/ci-cd.yml/badge.svg)
[![codecov.io](https://codecov.io/gh/clnsmth/{{ cookiecutter.__package_slug }}/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/github/clnsmth/{{ cookiecutter.__package_slug }}?branch=main)

{{ cookiecutter.package_short_description }}

[TODO: Describe what this package does and the motivation for it.]

[TODO: Include brief demonstration of how to use this package.]

## Installation

Install the current release from GitHub.

```bash
pip install git+https://github.com/clnsmth/{{ cookiecutter.__package_slug }}.git#egg={{ cookiecutter.__package_slug }}
```

## API Reference and User Guide

The API reference and user guide are available on [Read the Docs](https://{{ cookiecutter.__package_slug }}.readthedocs.io).

Commit message:

Update README with soso best practices

{{ cookiecutter.__package_slug }}/README.md, after:

# soso

[![Project Status: WIP – Initial development is in progress, but there has not yet been a stable, usable release suitable for the public.](https://www.repostatus.org/badges/latest/wip.svg)](https://www.repostatus.org/#wip)
![example workflow](https://github.com/clnsmth/{{ cookiecutter.__package_slug }}/actions/workflows/ci-cd.yml/badge.svg)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/github/clnsmth/{{ cookiecutter.__package_slug }}/graph/badge.svg?token=2J4MNIXCTD)](https://codecov.io/github/clnsmth/{{ cookiecutter.__package_slug }})

{{ cookiecutter.package_short_description }}

## Installation

Currently, `{{ cookiecutter.__package_slug }}` is only available on GitHub.  To install it, you need to have [pip](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/installation/) installed. Once pip is installed, you can install `{{ cookiecutter.__package_slug }}` by running the following command in your terminal:

    $ pip install git+https://github.com/clnsmth/{{ cookiecutter.__package_slug }}.git@main

## Demo and Usage

## API Reference and User Guide

The API reference and user guide are available on [Read the Docs](https://{{ cookiecutter.__package_slug }}.readthedocs.io).
