{{ cookiecutter.__package_slug }}/docs/source/index.rst, before:

Welcome to `{{ cookiecutter.__package_slug }}`
==============================================

Release v\ |version|. (:ref:`Installation <quickstart>`)

.. image:: https://www.repostatus.org/badges/latest/wip.svg
    :target: https://www.repostatus.org/#wip
    :alt: Project Status: WIP – Initial development is in progress, but there has not yet been a stable, usable release suitable for the public.

.. image:: https://github.com/clnsmth/{{ cookiecutter.__package_slug }}/actions/workflows/ci-cd.yml/badge.svg
    :target: https://github.com/clnsmth/{{ cookiecutter.__package_slug }}/actions/workflows/ci-cd.yml
    :alt: CI/CD pipeline status

.. image:: https://codecov.io/gh/clnsmth/{{ cookiecutter.__package_slug }}/branch/main/graph/badge.svg
    :target: https://app.codecov.io/github/clnsmth/{{ cookiecutter.__package_slug }}?branch=main
    :alt: Code coverage status

{{ cookiecutter.package_short_description }}

[TODO: Describe what this package does and the motivation behind it.]

-------------------

[TODO: Briefly demonstrate what this package does.]

The demo:
   >>> hello_world()

Features
--------

[TODO: List the prominent functionalities of this package.]

The User Guide
--------------

This part of the documentation begins with some background information about {{ cookiecutter.__package_slug }}, then focuses on step-by-step instructions for getting the most out of it.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   user/quickstart
   user/advanced
   user/support

The API Documentation / Guide
-----------------------------

If you are looking for information on a specific function, class, or method,
this part of the documentation is for you.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   user/api


The Contributor Guide
---------------------

If you want to contribute to the project, this part of the documentation is for
you.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 3

   dev/contributing
   dev/design
   dev/conduct

The Maintainer Guide
--------------------

If you are a project maintainer, this part of the documentation is for
you.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 3

   dev/maintaining

Commit message:

refactor: align system files with soso project best practices
Updated system files to reflect dependency updates, improved CI/CD
pipelines, and code review recommendations from the soso project.

{{ cookiecutter.__package_slug }}/docs/source/index.rst, after:

Welcome to `{{ cookiecutter.__package_slug }}`
==============================================

Release v\ |version|. (:ref:`Installation <quickstart>`)

.. image:: https://www.repostatus.org/badges/latest/wip.svg
    :target: https://www.repostatus.org/#wip
    :alt: Project Status: WIP – Initial development is in progress, but there has not yet been a stable, usable release suitable for the public.

.. image:: https://github.com/clnsmth/{{ cookiecutter.__package_slug }}/actions/workflows/ci-cd.yml/badge.svg
    :target: https://github.com/clnsmth/{{ cookiecutter.__package_slug }}/actions/workflows/ci-cd.yml
    :alt: CI/CD pipeline status

.. image:: https://codecov.io/github/clnsmth/{{ cookiecutter.__package_slug }}/graph/badge.svg?token=2J4MNIXCTD
    :target: https://codecov.io/github/clnsmth/{{ cookiecutter.__package_slug }}
    :alt: Code coverage status

{{ cookiecutter.package_short_description }}

-------------------

Brief introduction

The User Guide
--------------

This part of the documentation begins with some background information about `{{ cookiecutter.__package_slug }}`, then focuses on step-by-step instructions for getting the most out of it.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   user/quickstart
   user/support

The API Documentation / Guide
-----------------------------

If you are looking for information on a specific function, class, or method,
this part of the documentation is for you.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   user/api


The Contributor Guide
---------------------

If you want to contribute to the project, this part of the documentation is for
you.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 3

   dev/contributing

The Maintainer Guide
--------------------

If you are a project maintainer, this part of the documentation is for
you.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 3

   dev/maintaining

Project Design
--------------

The project design documentation provides an overview of the project's
architecture and design decisions.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 3

   dev/design
